>> Lucas Ruebbelke: Let's look
at the challenge first and
then, I will fill in the blanks
of anything that I need to do.
So one thing we are going to do, because
I do not want anybody into the wids and
having to build up a bunch
of layout in HTML.
So I created this bitly link
here.
>> Lucas Ruebbelke: And
if you go into the browser, paste that in.
>> Lucas Ruebbelke: I
kind of pre-populated the layout for you.
And so you can just copy this,
pasted into your widgets component.
I am just going to go ahead and do that.
Sorry folks, but
that beautiful demo is no more.
And so let's go over here.
Let's just refresh and
see if this even rendered.
>> Lucas Ruebbelke: Right, so
this is just kind of a boiler play.
I just didn't want anybody having to
go figure out how to type a cell.
The next thing that I would
do is in the same thing.
If you go down here,
there's an array of widgets.
Just copy this into your
WidgetsComponent class,
and you can just paste this in.
>> Lucas Ruebbelke: And
what this will allow you to do,
I'll just delete this as well,
just clean it up, is now we have
a collection that we can bind to.
So let me show you one more trick,
and this is quite possibly
one of my favorite tricks.
Is that if I go over here,
we had a question about
actually debugging and
generally where I start when I
debug is in the developer console.
But occasionally,
you are making assumptions about your
data structure that is not true, or
simply in your mind, you think
something is one thing and it is not.
So what you can do is using the pre-tag,
you can bind to this.
And this is just going to probably be,
I haven't done this in a while,
not super helpful.
It's like, it's an array of objects.
Not doing a lot for me, but
if you use the JSON pipe,
and you go here,
>> Lucas Ruebbelke: Now,
low and behold, you actually have this
nice serialized JSON structure for
you to look at and see like,
this is what I'm working with.
And from there, it's a little
easier to build your templates out
and go from there.
So, this is what I would use.
For this, you'll use this in
the challenge in the sense of,
one pull the stipend in, but
where do I do this?
>> Lucas Ruebbelke: When
you have the selectedWidget, how do
you know what is the selectedWidget?
What I would do is just bind to the
selectedWidget property and do a /JSON.
And so just kind of a hint,
I feel like I'm making this too easy.
>> Lucas Ruebbelke: Is probably something
like I don't know.
>> Lucas Ruebbelke: And
this way when you select it,
you know what's happening.
>> Lucas Ruebbelke: This probably is going
to break, or not.
Did it break?
It did not.
All right, so
let's talk about this real quick and
then I can answer any
questions that we may have.
So create a widgets collection in
the widgetComponent with mock objects.
That is in the gist that
is in the bottom here.
Create a selectedWidget property
in the widgetComponent.
Then using ngFor, display the widget's
collection in the template.
Then using event binding,
set the selectedWidget.
And then display widget properties
using property binding and
interpolation binding.
And then at the bottom,
use ngIf to show an alternate message,
if no widget is selected.
Now two things, one,
everything you need to complete this,
feel free to check out the dear
cousin to this feature, the items.
Feature here, in the list, in the detail,
quite a bit of good stuff there,
but i will show you real quick
because i feel like I glossed
over ngFor kind of slightly.
If we go to widgets component,
let's do list, and
I'm gonna just go.
So I'm just creating just a simple array.
And then from here,
let's just loop over this.
So, I'm going to put them in a p tag.
We'll go ngFor,
let L of list,
>> Lucas Ruebbelke: So I think again,
this comes a little bit down
to kinda the secret handshake.
But remember the asterisks ngFor let.
So we're basic creating this
local variable via JavaScript.
That is now available here for binding, so
we can call this anything.
>> Lucas Ruebbelke: I don't
know something that's soda, totally
arbitrary, we just happen to look and
see a soda can.
>> Lucas Ruebbelke: It's
just essentially inside of the loop
creating a local variable,
the JavaScript that you can then line to.
>> Lucas Ruebbelke: So
you can see here,
it is just looping over and doing that.
So that is if you have any questions
about how ngFor works is ngFor,
you choose your collection and say let
some local variable of this list, or
this collection, be available for
binding inside the template.